{"kaze":[{"context":"The stream revealed 'Return to Yoshi's Island' has been in development for nearly three years and is about two-thirds complete, highlighting a long and dedicated effort.","question":"You mentioned 'Return to Yoshi's Island' is about two-thirds complete after nearly three years. Could you take us back to the very beginning? What was the initial inspiration or vision that sparked this ambitious project, and how has that core idea evolved throughout these years of development?"},{"context":"You described being in a 'polishing phase' for older areas while actively developing new content like the 'Oil Rig' level, with an estimated 1.5 more years of work.","question":"You're currently in a 'polishing phase' for older areas while also creating new content like the 'Oil Rig' level. How do you manage the balance between refining what's already built and pushing forward with new, creative sections, especially given the project's substantial scope and your long-term timeline?"},{"context":"A key quote from your stream was, 'I want the player to control Mario and not a crane... it's very tempting to use our custom coding instead of the Mario moveset and I think that often leads to poor ROM hack.' This points to a clear design philosophy.","question":"You expressed a strong preference for keeping gameplay centered on Mario's moveset, avoiding over-reliance on custom mechanics. Could you elaborate on this design philosophy? How do you navigate the temptation of custom coding within the Mario 64 decompilation project to ensure the game retains that essential 'Mario feel'?"},{"context":"The development of the 'Oil Rig' level and its boss, the 'Oil Blarg,' involved significant iteration, from level layout solutions like the underwater connector to unique boss mechanics like using 'soap bars.'","question":"The 'Oil Rig' level and its 'Oil Blarg' boss seem like a great example of your iterative design process. Could you walk us through the journey of creating a complex set-piece like this, from initial concept, through problem-solving design challenges, to landing on the final mechanics and feel?"},{"context":"You discussed your history with Nintendo, your current stance of not being 'really that worried,' and your decision to open-source the game only after its full release, partly due to Nintendo concerns.","question":"You've been quite open about your past interactions with Nintendo and your strategy for releasing 'Return to Yoshi's Island' as open source post-completion. Could you share more about your perspective on navigating this complex relationship as a prominent ROM hacker, and the thought process behind your release strategy?"},{"context":"You candidly mentioned feelings of self-doubt, such as the 'overworld feels so small to me now,' despite the game's evident scale, and the challenge of a long development timeline alongside a full-time job.","question":"You touched upon personal challenges like self-doubt regarding level design and managing this long-term project alongside a full-time job. How do you personally navigate these internal and external pressures to maintain motivation and creative vision over such an extended period?"},{"context":"You praised games like Tears of the Kingdom for player freedom and emergent gameplay, contrasting it with games you feel are too restrictive. This offers insight into your own design aspirations.","question":"You admire games like 'Tears of the Kingdom' for their emergent gameplay and player freedom. How do these preferences influence your design approach for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? What are some ways you're trying to foster that sense of discovery and player agency within your game?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze highlighted your role in making the game 'a lot prettier' by refining models and contributing design ideas, such as the horns on Bowser's office building. This suggests a close visual collaboration.","question":"Kaze mentioned you significantly enhance the game's visuals and even contribute design ideas. Could you describe your collaborative process with Kaze? How do you two typically iterate on visual elements to achieve the distinct aesthetic of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"The stream detailed iterative design choices, like Bowser's office evolving for performance and thematic reasons. As a graphics artist, you're at the forefront of balancing visual ambition with the Mario 64 engine's capabilities.","question":"Considering elements like Bowser's office, which evolved due to performance and design needs, what are some of the unique graphical challenges or creative opportunities you've encountered working within the Mario 64 engine for a project of this scale? How do you balance artistic vision with these technical constraints?"},{"context":"Kaze emphasizes maintaining a 'Mario feel' while innovating. Your graphical work is crucial in defining this feel for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'.","question":"Kaze often talks about sticking to the core 'Mario feel.' From your perspective as a graphics artist, how do you interpret and translate this 'Mario feel' into the new assets and visual refinements you create for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' especially when working on original concepts?"}],"badub":[],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze praised your animation work as 'done very nicely,' and you were noted discussing Bowser animations before moving to NPCs, indicating your active role in character animation.","question":"Kaze spoke highly of your animation work. During the stream, you were planning animations for Bowser. Could you describe your process for bringing characters like Bowser, and other NPCs, to life in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? What's your approach to capturing their personality through movement?"},{"context":"The 'Oil Blarg' boss is a new character with unique mechanics like swallowing platforms and reacting to 'soap bars.' Animating such a novel enemy presents specific challenges and opportunities.","question":"The new 'Oil Blarg' boss has some really unique described behaviors. From an animator's standpoint, what are the most interesting challenges or creative opportunities when it comes to animating a completely original character like this, ensuring its movements clearly convey its actions and reactions to the player?"},{"context":"Contributing specialized skills like animation to a large-scale, long-term fan project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island' involves coordination and a unique perspective on the collaborative effort.","question":"Working on a project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island' means contributing to a game that Kaze has been developing for years. How do you coordinate your animation work with the project's evolving needs and Kaze's vision? What's your experience like as a key contributor of specialized skills in this passionate fan community?"}]}