{"kaze":[{"context":"You mentioned on stream, 'So man it feels crazy that we're already in quest 11. We're actually just in the end game now for the mod.' This marks a significant milestone for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'.","question":"As you navigate these final stages of development for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' how has your overarching vision for the game evolved since its inception, and what are you most excited for players to discover in these later, more complex levels like Course 11 or the planned comic book and casino worlds?"},{"context":"You have a distinct design philosophy, stating, 'I'm kind of against giving players options. I think it's weird to give the player an option to like select how the fundamental thing like that works,' and you value players making decisions themselves rather than being told what to do.","question":"How do you reconcile this strong philosophy of curating the core experience and promoting player freedom with the practicalities of level design and player onboarding, especially when deciding whether to include features like trajectory lines for cannons that might assist some players but potentially reduce the 'sense of freedom' for others?"},{"context":"You candidly shared a unique aspect of your development style: 'I never test my code. I just assume it works... And sometimes, months later, a bug just occurs.' This seems like a high-risk, high-reward approach.","question":"Could you elaborate on this development habit? What are the perceived benefits in terms of speed, and how do you manage the stress or workload when significant, latent bugs eventually surface, particularly in a project of this complexity that you're also heavily optimizing?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted your significant technical undertakings, such as creating your own 'optimized libultra,' backporting optimizations, and implementing a new lighting system inspired by *Mario Odyssey* to brighten the game.","question":"What drives you to push the N64's technical boundaries so extensively for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? Can you share some of the most challenging yet rewarding technical hurdles you've overcome in making the SM64 engine do things it was never originally designed for?"},{"context":"This project is a collaborative effort, with Badub on music, Zeina on animations, and others contributing. Delays in one area, like animations for a boss fight, can impact overall progress.","question":"How do you manage and integrate the diverse contributions from your core team? What's your approach to fostering a productive collaborative environment, especially when dealing with dependencies and the iterative nature of game development?"},{"context":"You've moved your development streams from Twitch to YouTube due to ad policies and frequently debug issues live on stream, directly interacting with your audience and testing on N64 hardware.","question":"How has the experience of live-streaming the development of 'Return to Yoshi's Island' influenced your workflow, your design choices, and your engagement with the community? Do you find that this public process impacts how you approach problem-solving or even the game's features?"},{"context":"You described the game's release as not happening 'this year' (2023) because you want to release it 'when it's actually completely finished.' This suggests a commitment to quality over speed.","question":"Considering the game is in its 'end game,' what does 'completely finished' mean to you for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? And how do you balance this desire for polish with the personal time investment and the anticipation from your community?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"During the stream, Kaze mentioned a 'Biomek's idea' regarding the color of barrels in Course 11, suggesting they look like 'running red ash.' Assuming 'Biomek' refers to you, this indicates your involvement in the game's visual details.","question":"If you were indeed the source of that barrel color suggestion, can you tell us more about your role in contributing to the visual elements or art style of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? How do you typically collaborate with Kaze on these specific aesthetic decisions?"},{"context":"Kaze spends considerable time iterating on visual elements like level colors and fog to achieve a particular atmosphere, as seen with his work on Course 11. He aims for a 'rich' feel and considers inspirations like *Super Mario Sunshine*.","question":"When you contribute visual ideas or potentially assets to 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' how do you interpret Kaze's artistic vision and his desire for a specific aesthetic? What are the challenges or rewards in helping to shape the look of a game with such a distinct and evolving style?"},{"context":"Developing a game for the N64, even with modern tools and the decompilation project, involves navigating significant hardware limitations. Kaze often tests on actual N64 hardware and addresses performance issues.","question":"From your perspective contributing to the game's visuals, how do the N64's technical constraints influence your approach or suggestions? How do you and Kaze work together to ensure that visual ideas are not only aesthetically pleasing but also feasible and performant on the original hardware?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned on stream that 'All of the OST is custom made by Badoop,' highlighting its originality and the fact that it's not copyrighted. This emphasizes your significant role in defining the game's auditory identity.","question":"Can you describe your creative process for composing the soundtrack for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? How do you work to capture the essence of Kaze's vision and the specific atmosphere of each unique course, like the oil rig or the upcoming comic book world, in your music?"},{"context":"Kaze also clarified, 'Well, actually, there are some remixes of Mario songs' within the otherwise custom OST. This suggests a deliberate balance in your compositional approach.","question":"How do you approach the decision of when to create an entirely original piece versus when to remix a classic Mario tune for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? What factors guide this choice, and how do you ensure your remixes feel fresh yet respectful of the source material?"},{"context":"Game development, especially for a complex ROM hack like this, is iterative. Kaze often works on level design and mechanics live, and the overall project is described as being in the 'end game.'","question":"Could you walk us through the collaborative process between you and Kaze? How do you typically receive information about new levels or musical needs, and what does the feedback loop look like to ensure your compositions perfectly align with the gameplay and evolving design?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"During the stream, we saw you working on Bowser's walk cycle, and Kaze emphasized that animations, like those for the 'buzzer boss fight,' are crucial for game progression.","question":"What are some of the unique artistic or technical challenges you face when creating animations specifically for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' given it's built on a heavily modified Mario 64 engine and targets original N64 hardware?"},{"context":"There was a discussion on stream about the nuances of Bowser's animation, such as his head movement in relation to looking at Mario. This points to a focus on detailed character expression.","question":"Could you share some insights into your creative process for bringing characters like Bowser to life? How do you ensure their movements are not only functional for gameplay but also convey personality and fit the overall aesthetic of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Kaze mentioned that progress on game elements, such as boss fights, can be dependent on the completion of animations. This highlights the intertwined nature of your work with the broader game development.","question":"How closely do you collaborate with Kaze throughout the animation pipeline, from initial concept to final implementation? Can you describe the iteration and feedback process you go through to ensure your animations integrate seamlessly with the gameplay mechanics he's designing?"}]}