{"kaze":[{"context":"The stream highlighted your active work on a cutscene where 'the boss eats mario and spits you out at the scene where you fight them,' indicating a dramatic in-game moment.","question":"Kaze, you were working on a cutscene where a boss eats Mario. Can you take us behind the scenes of designing such a pivotal moment? What feelings or story beats are you aiming to convey to the player right before they're thrust into a boss fight in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"You described a sequence where, after an interaction with Bowser, 'everyone's gone it's quiet you don't know what's happening and then this guy appears,' emphasizing atmospheric storytelling.","question":"You described a moment in 'Return to Yoshi's Island' where the environment suddenly becomes quiet and unsettling after an interaction with Bowser, right before a new character appears. What's your philosophy on using atmosphere and environmental storytelling to build tension, and how crucial is it to the experience you're crafting?"},{"context":"Your positive exclamation, 'wow the movement in this game is so cool,' suggests a deep focus on player experience and game feel.","question":"On stream, you expressed real excitement about the movement in 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' calling it 'so cool.' What were the key elements you were focusing on at that time to achieve that specific feel, and how do you approach innovating on Mario 64's iconic movement while staying true to its essence?"},{"context":"The stream mentioned a bug where a new character wasn't appearing correctly, which you noted as a 'work in progress,' illustrating the iterative nature of game development.","question":"We saw you encountering a bug where a character wasn't appearing as intended, which you described as a 'work in progress.' Can you share some insights into the iterative nature of developing a complex ROM hack like this? How do you typically tackle unexpected technical challenges and bugs during development?"},{"context":"You discussed an ambitious 'Mr. Beast' style YouTube video idea, hacking N64 games, and made a candid comment about its potential presentation: 'it's literally just gonna be a lie though i don't care though it doesn't matter.'","question":"You've talked about an ambitious 'Mr. Beast' style YouTube video idea involving hacking N64 games, and you shared a very pragmatic view on its presentation. How do you see your YouTube content creation, particularly these high-energy 'blitz content' ideas, intersecting with or supporting your larger game development projects like 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"The plan for custom music in areas like 'moses office' (likely Bowser's office) suggests a close collaboration with your composer.","question":"The idea of custom music for specific areas, like 'Bowser's office,' was mentioned. How does the collaborative process work when integrating music? What kind of direction or feeling do you try to convey to your composer, Badub, for critical moments or environments within the game?"}],"biobak":[],"badub":[{"context":"The stream mentioned Kaze's intention for specific areas, like 'Bowser's office' (referred to as 'moses office'), to 'definitely have a custom song.' This points to your role in crafting the game's auditory atmosphere.","question":"Badub, Kaze mentioned on stream his intention for specific areas, like 'Bowser's office,' to have custom music. When Kaze describes a new area or an important scene to you, what are the key elements you listen for to start conceptualizing the score, and how do you aim to enhance the atmosphere he's building through your music?"},{"context":"Kaze described a specific game sequence designed to build tension: after interacting with Bowser, his minions disappear, the environment becomes quiet, and then a new character is supposed to appear. This highlights a moment where music and sound design are crucial.","question":"Kaze detailed a sequence designed for atmospheric tension: minions disappearing, an eerie quiet, then a new character reveal. From a composer's perspective, how would you approach scoring such a scene to maximize that build-up of suspense and the impact of the reveal, especially considering the strategic use of silence as part of the soundscape?"}],"zeina":[]}