{"kaze":[{"context":"You mentioned significant offline progress and then focused on detailed features like Mario's butt print during the stream. This contrast speaks to your development rhythm.","question":"Kaze, you often make substantial progress offline and then dive into intricate details on stream, like Mario's butt print. Could you walk us through how you balance these broad strokes of development with the fine-tuning of specific, sometimes humorous, interactive elements in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"A major recurring theme is the challenge of N64 hardware stability, with you stating, 'there's still a lot of crashes... And I need to figure those out before we can release the game.'","question":"The stability on actual N64 hardware is a major hurdle you've highlighted for 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' Can you elaborate on the specific types of challenges the N64 presents for a project of this ambition, built on the decompilation, and your process for diagnosing and fixing these elusive crashes?"},{"context":"You have a distinct coding philosophy: 'if the compiler doesn't see a difference, I also don't see a difference,' and mentioned feeling you were 'born with' programming ability.","question":"Your pragmatic coding philosophy and your almost innate sense for programming are quite unique. How do you feel this approach impacts the development speed and creative freedom on a complex project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' especially when working with the intricacies of the SM64 engine?"},{"context":"You're planning an innovative 'overworld remake' with global coins, a shop, and player donations affecting its appearance. This sounds like a significant departure from traditional Mario 64 structure.","question":"The planned overworld remake with features like global coins and player-driven environmental changes sounds ambitious. What inspired this direction, and what kind of player experience are you hoping to create with these new mechanics in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"You mentioned collaborating with Zeina on assets and Biomech on the overworld design, involving discussions and even 'arguments' to reach agreements.","question":"Collaboration is key in large projects. How do you manage the creative and technical input from contributors like Zeina and Biomech, and what's your approach to integrating their work and ideas into your overall vision for the game?"},{"context":"You openly stated, 'I want to push my own channel. I want to get famous,' linking your game development to personal ambition.","question":"Beyond creating 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' you're very open about your ambitions for your channel and personal recognition. How does this drive influence your development process, the way you present your work, and your long-term goals in the game development and content creation space?"},{"context":"You mentioned using ChatGPT for brainstorming, for example, with the Toxbox redesign for the oil rig level.","question":"It was interesting to hear you're using tools like ChatGPT for brainstorming game design elements, like the Toxbox redesign. How do you see AI tools fitting into your creative process, and what potential or limitations do you find in using them for ROM hacking and game development?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned discussing the 'overworld remake' with you, even having some 'arguments' before reaching a good agreement. This suggests a dynamic collaborative process.","question":"Biomech, Kaze mentioned you were heavily involved in planning the overworld remake for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' including some healthy debates. Could you describe your collaborative process with Kaze on such a significant design element? How do you navigate creative differences to arrive at a shared vision, especially for something as central as the overworld?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted discussions about the overworld's design and progression. As a graphics artist involved in planning, your perspective on visual storytelling and player experience in the overworld is valuable.","question":"Considering the plans for a dynamic overworld that changes as players donate coins and progress, what are some of the key artistic or design philosophies you and Kaze are focusing on to make this overworld feel alive, engaging, and visually rewarding for the player?"}],"badub":[],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned you provided the butt print texture and an eye texture for the new Koopa worker, and he was compiling a list of animations for you.","question":"Zeina, Kaze highlighted your contributions to character art, such as Mario's butt print and the Koopa worker's eye texture. Could you describe your process for creating art assets that fit the N64's aesthetic and technical limitations while also matching Kaze's vision for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Kaze detailed a list of animations needed for the Koopa worker, from idle to reacting to Mario's actions. This implies bringing personality to new characters.","question":"Kaze outlined a series of animations for the new Koopa worker, designed to react to Mario's actions. When you approach animating a character like this, what are the key elements you focus on to convey its personality and reactions effectively within the game's context and N64 constraints?"},{"context":"Working on a collaborative ROM hack like this involves a unique dynamic between the lead developer and artists contributing specific assets.","question":"What's it like collaborating with Kaze on a project of this scale? How do you typically receive briefs for assets or animations, and what's the iteration process like to ensure your contributions integrate well into the game?"}]}