{"kaze":[{"context":"Kaze is shown working on finalizing Course 14 while simultaneously conceptualizing Course 15. This question explores his multitasking approach to level development.","question":"Kaze, on stream you were wrapping up Course 14, 'Handmade Heights,' focusing on details like star names and NPC rewards, while also deep in the conceptual phase for Course 15, the 'Astral Arcade.' Can you walk us through your mental and practical process for juggling these distinct stages of level development simultaneously?"},{"context":"Kaze cited the 64MB ROM size as a 'real limit' he wants to stick to for authenticity. This question probes his philosophy on balancing limitations and modern tools.","question":"You've chosen to adhere to a 64MB ROM limit for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' stating it feels 'like cheating' to go over and that 'it's also kind of nice to have some real limits.' How does this self-imposed constraint influence your creative decisions, particularly when designing ambitious levels, and how do you balance this N64 authenticity with the conveniences of modern development tools like the Expansion Pak?"},{"context":"Kaze detailed specific design choices for Course 15, like the exploding moon and 3D pinball elements, while rejecting simpler minigames. This question explores his philosophy on innovative gameplay.","question":"For the 'Astral Arcade' in Course 15, you're planning ambitious mechanics like an exploding moon that alters the level and 3D pinball platforming, while consciously avoiding what you term 'weak' minigames that detract from core 3D platforming. Could you elaborate on your design philosophy for integrating such novel gameplay features? How do you decide when an idea truly enhances the player's experience versus becoming a forced distraction?"},{"context":"Kaze emphasized the inspirational role of Badoob's music in his level design. This question delves into the impact of collaborative contributions on his creative process.","question":"You mentioned, 'I love working with a song already made for the level because it gives me so many ideas for the vibe,' referring to Badoob's music for Course 15. Can you describe how a collaborator's contribution, whether it's music from Badoob or an art asset from Zeina, can spark your own creativity and concretely shape the direction or atmosphere of a level?"},{"context":"Kaze's development process is transparent and interactive due to live streaming. This question investigates how this public-facing approach impacts his work.","question":"Your development process for 'Return to Yoshi's Island' is notably transparent, with you 'thinking aloud' and problem-solving live on stream, from fixing star spawning bugs to discussing level concepts. How does this direct engagement with your community during the actual creation process influence your creative decisions, your approach to overcoming challenges, and perhaps even the overall motivation for the project?"},{"context":"The stream noted Kaze's pragmatic reuse of assets from previous projects for Course 15. This question explores the rationale and impact of this development strategy.","question":"We saw that you're incorporating assets from past projects, like elements from 'Gadabox slide' for Course 15. Could you discuss your philosophy on reusing assets in a new project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? How does this practice contribute to development efficiency, and how do you ensure these elements feel thematically integrated into the new context?"},{"context":"Kaze reflected on Nintendo's IP policies and his desire for outcomes benefiting the community. This question explores how his broader views influence his fan projects.","question":"You’ve shared reflections on the games industry, particularly concerning IP and community creation. Given your passion for modding and the creative freedom it affords, how do these broader perspectives on the industry and intellectual property influence your approach to a passion project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island' and your role as a content creator within this space?"}],"biobak":[],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned that your music for Course 15, 'Funky Space Casino,' significantly inspires his level design and the overall vibe. This question explores your creative process in relation to the game's design.","question":"Badub, Kaze has said your music often gives him 'so many ideas for the vibe' of a level, specifically mentioning your 'Funky Space Casino' track for Course 15. Can you describe your process for composing a track like this? How much do you know about the level concept beforehand, and how do you aim to capture or even shape its atmosphere through your music?"},{"context":"The stream mentioned the technical aspect of integrating music, like finding loop points. This question explores the unique challenges of composing for the N64 ROM hack environment.","question":"When Kaze integrates your music, as seen with the Course 15 track, there are technical considerations like ensuring it loops correctly. From your perspective as the composer, what are some of the unique challenges or considerations when creating music specifically for a ROM hack environment like Mario 64, and how do you work with Kaze to overcome them?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned waiting for a Peach asset from 'Yuki' (Zeina) for Course 14 and her role in animating Peach. This question focuses on her specific contributions and collaboration.","question":"Zeina, Kaze mentioned he was awaiting a final asset from you for Peach in Course 14 and that you're also involved in animating her. Could you describe the types of art and animation you're creating for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' and what the collaborative process is like with Kaze to bring characters and elements of levels like 'Handmade Heights' to life?"},{"context":"This question aims to understand Zeina's artistic motivation and challenges when working on a ROM hack of a classic game like Mario 64.","question":"Contributing art and animation to a project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island' means adding new creative layers to a very well-known and beloved game. What excites you most about this opportunity, and what are some of the unique artistic challenges or freedoms you find when working within the established aesthetic and technical framework of Mario 64?"}]}