{"kaze":[{"context":"You described RTYI as 'the first quadruple A N64 game ever' and expressed deep passion ('I just want to make games, man.') alongside significant frustration with emulator bugs. This question explores that duality.","question":"You've called RTYI the 'first quadruple A N64 game' and clearly pour immense passion into it, yet you also frequently voice deep frustration, especially with emulators. Can you talk about navigating that emotional rollercoaster of ambitious creation versus the tedious realities of N64 development?"},{"context":"The stream heavily emphasized the struggle with emulator inaccuracies versus real hardware, with you saying, 'The worst problem is that on real n64 it legit just works.' This question seeks to quantify that impact.","question":"You've spent considerable time debugging emulator-specific issues for RTYI. How much of your development time would you estimate is dedicated to overcoming these emulator discrepancies, and how does this challenge influence your workflow and testing on actual N64 hardware?"},{"context":"The stream details RTYI's unique craft-based aesthetic, including decisions like replacing 'normal map styrofoam' with 'cardboard and paper staple.' This question explores the origin and execution of this theme.","question":"The craft aesthetic of RTYI – with its cardboard, paper, and staples – is incredibly distinct. What was the initial inspiration for this visual style, and how has it evolved? Could you discuss a specific design choice, like the move away from the styrofoam texture, and the reasoning behind it?"},{"context":"You mentioned that the game is 'like twice as fast again' since a previous 'Source Code video' due to optimizations and leveraging the Mario 64 decompilation project. This question explores the technical benefits of Decomp.","question":"You've highlighted significant performance gains in RTYI, mentioning it's 'twice as fast again' and that your 'new physics are on Decomp.' How has working with the Mario 64 decompilation project specifically empowered you to achieve these optimizations and implement complex features that might have been impossible with older ROM hacking methods?"},{"context":"You discussed the possibility of a Steam release, which would require removing Mario assets due to Nintendo. This question delves into the creative and practical challenges of such a transition.","question":"You've mused about a potential Steam release for RTYI, which would involve removing all Mario assets. Beyond the obvious character swaps, what are the deeper design, gameplay, and artistic challenges you foresee in transforming RTYI into an original IP while retaining its core spirit?"},{"context":"You mentioned interacting with Biobak on visual elements, such as his idea for the 'death void.' This question explores the collaborative aspect with key contributors.","question":"While RTYI is largely your vision, you collaborate with artists like Biobak, for instance, on level aesthetics. How does this collaborative process work, especially when integrating artistic feedback into the technical framework of an N64 game?"},{"context":"You touched upon the necessity of content creation for funding, saying, 'If it was up to me, I just wouldn't make videos at all, but then I can't do my thing as a hobby. That makes money.' This question explores that balance.","question":"You're very open about content creation being a means to fund your passion for game development. How do you balance the demands of being a YouTuber with the intensive, often solitary work of 'big-boy programming' and game creation, especially on a project as ambitious as RTYI?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned in the stream that you're there 'to make them [maps] prettier' and specifically referenced your idea for 'smooth edges around the rim' and the 'gradient blue void.' This question delves into your collaborative and artistic role.","question":"Kaze highlighted your role in enhancing the visual appeal of RTYI, mentioning your input on level edges and the 'death void' design. Could you walk us through your collaborative process with Kaze when it comes to defining and refining the game's craft-based visual style?"},{"context":"The stream notes you primarily focus on aesthetics but 'sometimes find some optimizations.' This question explores the intersection of art and technical performance in your work.","question":"While your main focus is on the artistic and aesthetic aspects of RTYI, Kaze mentioned you sometimes discover optimizations. How do you balance achieving the desired visual impact with the performance constraints of the N64, and can you give an example of an aesthetic choice that also had performance considerations?"},{"context":"The game has a distinct 'cardboard and paper staple' theme, moving away from elements like 'styrofoam.' This question looks at your contribution to this specific aesthetic.","question":"The craft aesthetic is central to RTYI, with specific choices like replacing styrofoam with cardboard. What are your guiding principles when designing textures and visual elements to ensure they cohesively build this unique, handmade world?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned in the stream that the 'LST is a banger.' This question explores your creative process for the game's soundtrack.","question":"Kaze highly praised the soundtrack for RTYI. Can you describe your process for composing music that fits the unique 'craft-based' aesthetic of Return to Yoshi's Island, and how you aim to capture both a nostalgic feel and something new for an N64 title?"},{"context":"The stream highlights development for the N64, a console with specific audio limitations. This question probes how you navigate those constraints.","question":"Composing for the Nintendo 64 has its unique challenges and limitations. How do you approach creating a rich and memorable soundtrack like RTYI's within these technical constraints, and how does that influence your musical choices?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Although not detailed in this specific stream, your role involves animation for RTYI. The game has a unique craft-based aesthetic.","question":"Return to Yoshi's Island has a very distinct craft-based, handmade visual style. As an animator for the project, how do you approach bringing characters and objects to life in a way that complements this unique aesthetic? What challenges or opportunities does this art style present for animation?"},{"context":"Animating for an N64 ROM hack, even one based on decompilation, has its own set of technical and creative considerations.","question":"What are some of the unique considerations or limitations you face when creating animations for a game on the N64 platform, and how do you work within those to achieve fluid and expressive movement that fits the world of RTYI?"}]}