{"kaze":[{"context":"The stream highlighted the N64's RAM as a major constraint, leading to creative solutions like bandits 'stealing' items to avoid modeling them and cutting areas like the Yoshi Ranch, as you said: 'this is a trick we do so we don't actually have to 3D model the stuff here because we are getting pretty close to running out of RAM.'","question":"Kaze, you've mentioned that N64 RAM limitations are a constant battle. Could you walk us through a specific instance, like the 'bandits stealing items' trick or cutting the Yoshi Ranch, where a technical constraint directly forced a creative design decision, and how you feel that shaped the final experience?"},{"context":"You stated, 'we don't want the exact Mario 64 look. It still looks very Mario 64,' indicating a desire to evolve the aesthetic while retaining a core feel.","question":"You've described 'Return to Yoshi's Island' as having a Mario 64 feel but not being an exact imitation. Could you elaborate on your artistic vision for the game? What elements of the original Mario 64 did you want to preserve, and where did you consciously decide to innovate or depart from it to create something new?"},{"context":"The stream detailed the extensive debugging required for the Pokey enemy, including discovering its 36 raycasts per tick conflicting with your engine's optimizations: 'A Pokey was doing 36 Raycasts every tick... And my engine made it so that if an object doesn't move it doesn't Raycast the floor every tick. But they needed the floor to be Raycasted every tick.'","question":"The stream highlighted the significant effort to get the Pokey enemy working, adapting its vanilla Mario 64 code to your custom engine. Can you describe the satisfaction, or perhaps frustration, of digging into that original N64 code, understanding its quirks, and making it function within 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? What did the Pokey saga teach you about the intricacies of your modified engine versus the original game's design?"},{"context":"The project involves key collaborators like Badub for music, Biobak for lighting, and Zeina for animations and models, requiring coordination and integration of their work.","question":"'Return to Yoshi's Island' is a significant undertaking involving collaborators like Badub, Biobak, and Zeina. How do you manage the creative process with a distributed team? Can you share an example of how a collaborator's input has influenced or improved a specific aspect of the game, perhaps in a way you didn't initially envision?"},{"context":"You expressed a clear vision for the soundtrack, wanting it to use the Mario 64 sound font to sound new yet familiar, stating: 'it sounds like a completely new soundtrack with like a similar vibe to me. That's what I want anyway.'","question":"You have a distinct vision for the game's soundtrack, aiming for something that 'sounds like a completely new soundtrack with a similar vibe' using the Mario 64 sound font. Could you expand on why this specific musical direction is important for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' and how Badub's compositions are helping realize that vision?"},{"context":"The game is built on the Mario 64 decompilation project, which offers different capabilities and challenges than traditional ROM hacking methods.","question":"Developing 'Return to Yoshi's Island' using the Mario 64 decompilation project is a different beast than traditional ROM hacking. How has this foundation specifically enabled the scale and complexity we're seeing, and what unique challenges or advantages has it presented compared to your previous modding experiences?"},{"context":"You pragmatically accepted cutting content like 'Yoshi Ranch' due to RAM limitations, showing a practical approach to development.","question":"You mentioned having to cut planned content like the 'Yoshi Ranch' due to technical limitations. Can you talk about the emotional and practical process of making such decisions? How do you weigh the ambition for a feature against the overall health and feasibility of the project?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned a 'node-based lightning' system you might be implementing and is focused on polishing aspects like lighting.","question":"Biobak, Kaze mentioned a 'node-based lightning' system in the stream. Could you tell us more about your work on the game's lighting? What are you hoping to achieve visually, and what are the unique challenges of implementing advanced lighting techniques within the N64's limitations?"},{"context":"The stream touched upon ongoing lighting and texture refinements, like Yoshi coins or parts of models not receiving light correctly, highlighting the challenge of visual polish within engine constraints.","question":"The stream touched upon some ongoing lighting and texture refinements. From your perspective, what are the biggest hurdles in achieving a consistent and appealing visual style for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' especially when balancing Kaze's vision with the N64's technical capabilities?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze praised your music for its creative use of the Mario 64 sound font to achieve a 'new yet fitting vibe,' aiming for something that 'sounds like a completely new soundtrack with like a similar vibe.'","question":"Badub, Kaze described your music as 'freaking amazing' and highlighted your ability to make the Mario 64 sound font feel new yet familiar. Can you describe your approach to composing for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? How do you balance evoking nostalgia with creating something that stands on its own?"},{"context":"The Mario 64 sound font is iconic but also has inherent limitations, and Kaze wants a soundtrack that creatively uses it to sound fresh.","question":"Working with the Mario 64 sound font has its own unique set of opportunities and constraints. What's your creative process like when composing with these specific tools? Are there particular techniques or approaches you use to push its boundaries and achieve that 'completely new soundtrack with a similar vibe' Kaze is looking for?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned needing you to create animations for characters like Pokey and 3D models for specific level elements such as the 'tumbleweed store' to bring the game world to life.","question":"Zeina, Kaze mentioned tasking you with creating animations for characters like Pokey and 3D models for specific level elements such as the 'tumbleweed store.' Can you walk us through your process of translating Kaze's requests and the game's needs into tangible assets that fit the 'Return to Yoshi's Island' world?"},{"context":"The game faces significant N64 RAM and performance constraints, which Kaze frequently discusses, directly impacting asset creation strategies such as polygon counts and texture sizes.","question":"Given the N64's tight RAM and performance constraints that Kaze frequently discusses, how do you approach the design and creation of your animations and 3D models? How do you balance artistic detail and character with the need for optimization and low polygon counts?"}]}