{"kaze":[{"context":"Kaze expressed significant optimism about 'Soren's trace,' a tool for optimization, mentioning it would make programming and optimization 'so much easier.' This question aims to delve into the practical impact of such tools.","question":"You mentioned 'Soren's trace' is expected to be a game-changer for optimization. Could you elaborate on what this tool allows you to do, and how significantly you anticipate it will improve both your development workflow and the final performance of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Kaze frequently emphasizes the importance of game 'feel,' from movement mechanics to the evocative nature of level names like wanting something 'minty.' This explores his process of realizing these abstract concepts.","question":"You often talk about the 'feel' of the game – be it the satisfaction of movement or the atmosphere evoked by a level's name. Can you walk us through your process of translating these abstract sensations or aesthetic goals into concrete game mechanics, level designs, and artistic choices in RTY?"},{"context":"Kaze stated his intention to develop his own original game after RTY. This question investigates how his current work on a complex ROM hack is preparing him for that future endeavor.","question":"You've mentioned that after 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' you're likely to 'make my own game.' How is the intensive experience of developing such an ambitious ROM hack, with its unique set of challenges and creative freedoms, shaping your skills and vision for that future original project?"},{"context":"The stream indicated a shift towards more detailed level design, with assets in place and a new test overworld. This question explores this development milestone.","question":"You mentioned recently feeling that 'we may now move on to actually making the level,' having gathered necessary assets and created a new test overworld. Can you describe what this transition phase means for the project and how it changes your day-to-day focus as a developer?"},{"context":"Kaze detailed the iterative process of designing the Snowman enemy, including its AI and animation challenges. This question seeks a deeper look into this micro-level design work.","question":"We saw you working extensively on the Snowman enemy, from its AI to its head-rolling animation. Could you use this enemy as an example to describe your iterative design process for new characters in RTY, including how you tackle the specific technical and creative hurdles that arise?"},{"context":"Kaze mentioned considering a 'room system' for revealing hidden areas. This question delves into the design philosophy and potential impact of this feature.","question":"You briefly discussed implementing a 'room system' where pushing objects could reveal hidden rooms. What's the core inspiration behind this idea, and how do you envision it enhancing exploration and puzzle-solving within the levels of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Kaze acknowledged a backlog of features he intends to implement, indicating a long-term vision. This question explores how he manages this vision.","question":"You've acknowledged a backlog of features you still want to implement in RTY. How do you prioritize these planned additions, and what does this long-term vision for completeness tell us about your ultimate goals for the game?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"The stream mentioned Kaze referencing 'Biobank's piss carpet idea' (humorously) for an ice level, indicating Biobak contributes creative, possibly visual/design ideas.","question":"Kaze's stream referenced one of your creative suggestions for an ice level. Could you describe your collaborative process with Kaze? How do you typically brainstorm and pitch visual or thematic ideas, and how do you see your input helping to shape the unique aesthetic of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"This question explores Biobak's role in maintaining creative consistency and offering fresh perspectives, especially when Kaze is deeply involved in technical development.","question":"As Kaze works through the complex programming and technical challenges of RTY, what role do you play in offering a fresh perspective on level design, enemy concepts, or the overall artistic vision, particularly for new environments like the ice-themed castle?"}],"badub":[{"context":"This question is posed because, while this specific stream didn't detail Badub's musical contributions, a comprehensive documentary would want to explore the sonic landscape of 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' It aims to understand his approach to blending nostalgia with novelty.","question":"In a project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' which reimagines a classic title within the Mario 64 framework, how do you approach composing or arranging music that evokes the spirit of Yoshi's Island while fitting Kaze's unique vision and the technical feel of the N64?"},{"context":"Kaze is known for introducing innovative gameplay mechanics. This question seeks to understand how new game elements might inspire or influence the musical direction and Badub's creative process.","question":"When Kaze introduces new gameplay elements, enemy types, or unique level concepts like the discussed 'room system,' how do these innovations impact your musical compositions or sound design choices for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Zeina was mentioned in the stream in a personal context (Kaze's wife). This question aims to understand her perspective on supporting Kaze through a demanding, long-term creative project.","question":"Kaze dedicates an immense amount of passion and time to 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' often sharing the development process publicly. From your perspective, what is it like supporting a creator through such an intensive and lengthy project, and what are some of the unique aspects you observe in his journey with RTY?"},{"context":"Given her close relationship with Kaze, Zeina likely has a unique insight into the project's evolution. This question seeks her personal observations on the game's development.","question":"Having a front-row seat to the development of 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' how have you seen Kaze's vision for the game, or perhaps his approach as a developer, evolve over time? Are there any particular breakthroughs or moments in the project that have stood out to you personally?"}]}