{"kaze":[{"context":"You described your iterative development process in the stream: 'First, I make an outline... then I think about how I can make the level fun... then I program all the stuff... And then I just start moving it around and see what's fun.' This process seems central to RTYI's design.","question":"You described your level design process as quite iterative: outlining, programming elements, and then experimenting to find the 'fun.' Could you walk us through an example from the 'space area' or 'arcade' level in RTYI where this iterative approach led to a significant change or an unexpected discovery in gameplay?"},{"context":"In the stream, you were very direct about the inefficiency of original SM64 code, saying, 'the code is complete dog ass,' and you're replacing it while targeting 20-25 FPS on N64 in demanding scenes.","question":"You've been candid about rewriting original SM64 code due to its inefficiency. Can you share a specific instance where replacing Nintendo's code with your own led to a breakthrough in performance or allowed you to implement a feature in RTYI, like in the 'space area,' you initially thought might be too demanding for the N64?"},{"context":"You discussed the exciting prospect of a dual release: 'What if, along with RTYI, I also release a game that is 90% the same content, but we replace all the Nintendo IP with our own?' and mentioned it would 'functionally be a different game.'","question":"You're contemplating an original IP version of RTYI. Beyond replacing assets, you mentioned changing 'movement and stuff like that' to make it a 'functionally different game.' How do you envision this original game feeling to play, and what are the biggest creative opportunities this presents?"},{"context":"You reflected on game difficulty in the stream: 'I like putting super hard things in my games... The problem with that is that a lot of the time players do encounter it... So I wanna prevent that,' indicating a careful balancing act.","question":"You've talked about your inclination to include 'super hard things' but also a desire to prevent players from hitting frustrating roadblocks. How are you approaching this balance in RTYI, particularly with the upcoming demo, to ensure it's challenging yet fair and accessible?"},{"context":"The stream showed your pride in pushing the N64 ('Did you think this could run on the N64?') but also your struggle with certain aesthetics ('I hate the yellow. Yellow is so fucking ugly').","question":"Pushing the N64 to its limits is clearly a passion. When developing a complex scene like the 'space area' with its unique mechanics and visual effects, how do you balance your ambitious technical goals with achieving a cohesive visual style, especially when you encounter elements you find aesthetically challenging?"},{"context":"A significant part of the stream discussed your idea for a commercial release on Steam: 'That way we would legally own it. And I would maybe be able to use Recom to sell it on Steam.'","question":"The idea of releasing an original IP version of RTYI on Steam using N64 Recomp is compelling. What was the spark for this ambition, and what are the biggest hurdles—technical, legal, or creative—you foresee in transforming this passion project into a commercially viable, original game?"},{"context":"You mentioned in the stream that the RTYI demo is being prepared 'mostly released ready off stream' and that 'Doing demos is a good way to get a lot of latest data.'","question":"You're currently focused on preparing the RTYI demo. What are your primary goals for this demo release—what do you want players to experience, and what specific 'latest data' or feedback are you hoping to gather to refine the full game?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned in the stream, 'Considering Biobak is reworking all my stuff anyway. I should just leave it to him,' specifically referring to textures for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'. This suggests a significant role in defining the game's visual surface treatment.","question":"Kaze mentioned you're 'reworking all his stuff' when it comes to textures. Could you describe your process for taking Kaze's initial texture work or concepts and refining them to fit the overall vision for RTYI, perhaps for a distinct area like the 'space' or 'arcade' level?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted Kaze's focus on achieving an 'arcade-y' or 'space' theme while ensuring performance on original N64 hardware. Texture work is critical to both aesthetics and performance.","question":"When designing and reworking textures for RTYI, how do you balance creating a visually distinct and appealing style, particularly for the 'arcade' or 'space' themes Kaze mentioned, with the N64's technical constraints like texture memory and color palettes?"}],"badub":[],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze specifically highlighted your contributions in the stream, asking 'What do you think of this carpenter that Zeina made?' and pointing out 'Your cool carpet is right here, Zeina,' showing your direct impact on the game's assets.","question":"Kaze showcased a 'carpenter' model and a 'carpet' texture you designed. Can you share your creative process for these assets? What kind of direction or inspiration did you work from, and how do you collaborate with Kaze to ensure your designs integrate well into developing levels like the 'space area'?"},{"context":"Kaze also praised your work on the 'texts' in the game during the stream, saying 'Also loving the text. The text are good, aren't they?', suggesting a role beyond visual assets.","question":"Kaze mentioned your contribution to the 'texts' in RTYI. Could you elaborate on what this involves? Are you developing narrative elements, dialogue, or perhaps the visual style of in-game text, and how does this shape the player's journey?"},{"context":"The stream revealed Kaze's plan to potentially develop an original IP version of RTYI, which would significantly change the game's characters and world.","question":"With Kaze considering an original IP version of RTYI, how does this potential shift influence your approach to creating animations, models, and art? Does it offer more creative freedom, or does it present distinct challenges compared to working within the Mario universe?"}]}