{"kaze":[{"context":"You mentioned on stream, 'The hex is just slightly over 80% done.' That's a significant milestone for a project of this scale.","question":"Kaze, as 'Return to Yoshi's Island' is now 'just slightly over 80% done,' could you reflect on the journey so far? What have been the most rewarding aspects of bringing this vision to life, and what major hurdles or remaining tasks do you foresee in reaching 100% completion?"},{"context":"You spent a lot of time on stream meticulously working on the cracking ice platform in Course 13, iterating on textures, shaders, and particle effects, and even expressed, 'I feel like I've looked at this for so long that anything that doesn't look completely jarring at this point looks fine to me... would I hate it? I don't know.'","question":"Can you describe the detailed process of designing a complex mechanic like the cracking ice platform? How do you balance your creative vision with the N64's technical limitations, and how do you navigate moments of self-doubt or creative fatigue when perfecting such an element?"},{"context":"You touched upon your identity, questioning, 'Is this actually what my life has been this whole time? I've just been a YouTuber, not a game developer.' This project seems to be a significant step in your game development journey.","question":"You've expressed a nuanced view on being seen as a 'YouTuber' versus a 'game developer.' How has leading the 'Return to Yoshi's Island' project, which is built on the Mario 64 decompilation, shaped your identity as a creator and a game developer specifically?"},{"context":"The stream mentioned your design philosophy, including critiques of official Nintendo games like Mario 64 DS. This suggests 'Return to Yoshi's Island' is a response to perceived shortcomings in existing titles.","question":"Your streams often include critiques of aspects of official Nintendo games. How have these observations, and your broader design philosophy, directly influenced the core gameplay mechanics, level design, and overall player experience you're aiming for in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Collaboration is key to this project. You mentioned working with Biobak on visual assets for the ice level and Zeina/Eiza on a special 'documentary style' release video for 'the slide.'","question":"Could you elaborate on the collaborative dynamic with key contributors like Biobak and Zeina/Eiza? How are creative decisions made, and how does their input, like Biobak's graphics or Zeina's animation and video concepts, enhance the final game and its presentation?"},{"context":"You mentioned removing a triple jump exploit and being '50-50 on whether I want it in the game,' and also noted that 'sometimes bugs just randomly get fixed.'","question":"When developing RTYI, how do you approach unintended mechanics or bugs? Can you discuss your philosophy on what makes a 'good' bug or exploit versus something that needs to be fixed, especially in a game that builds on the beloved, and sometimes quirky, Mario 64 engine?"},{"context":"You mentioned your impending fatherhood and how it might affect commitments like F3. This is a major life event coinciding with a major project nearing completion.","question":"With a major life event—becoming a father—on the horizon, how has this influenced your development pace, your perspective on completing 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' and your plans for showcasing the game?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned on stream that he was reviewing a `.blend` file you sent for an ice effect, and specifically asked, 'Biobank, is this what you were thinking?'. This points to a close, iterative collaboration.","question":"Biobak, could you walk us through your typical collaborative process with Kaze, especially when tackling a specific visual challenge like the ice effects for Course 13? How do you usually exchange ideas and iterate on assets?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted Kaze wanting to incorporate 'Biobank's appearing path thing' into the ice level. It's clear your concepts directly inspire and shape level mechanics.","question":"When you're designing graphical assets or visual concepts like the 'appearing path,' how much do you consider the N64's technical limitations versus pushing the creative boundaries, and how do you and Kaze find that balance?"},{"context":"Kaze spent considerable time on stream wrestling with the visual fidelity of the cracking ice platform, trying to achieve a specific look within N64 constraints. Your input seems crucial for these visual elements.","question":"From your perspective as a graphics artist, what are some of the most significant challenges or rewarding breakthroughs you've experienced when creating art for 'Return to Yoshi's Island' that both fits the N64 aesthetic and Kaze's vision?"}],"badub":[],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned you're working on a 'special plan' for a release video for 'the slide,' and that you wanted it to be 'like a little bit of a documentary thing almost.'","question":"Zeina, Kaze highlighted your idea for a 'documentary style' release video for 'the slide.' Could you share your vision for this video? What story do you want to tell about this feature, and how do you think this unique promotional approach reflects the spirit of the 'Return to Yoshi's Island' project?"},{"context":"Kaze noted that you 'still kind of have an animation plan for' features like grind rails, highlighting your role in bringing dynamic movement to the game.","question":"Beyond the promotional video, Kaze mentioned your animation plans for game features like grind rails. Can you describe your process for conceptualizing and planning animations for RTYI, and what challenges or joys do you find in animating for the N64 platform within Kaze's project?"},{"context":"Kaze also commented on your potential as a video editor but noted you might not know all the deep technical details of his work. This points to a collaborative synergy where different skills come together.","question":"How do you and Kaze collaborate on content that showcases highly technical game development work, like the release videos? How do you bridge the gap between showcasing the technical achievements and creating an engaging narrative for a broader audience?"}]}