{"kaze":[{"context":"The stream highlighted your meticulous review of Biobak's work on 'Oily Boily Bay,' going through a detailed changelog. You referred to Biobak as 'Biobak' and the level as 'Oily Boily Bay' or 'Course 11'.","question":"Kaze, you dedicated a significant portion of your stream to integrating Biobak's rework of 'Oily Boily Bay.' Could you walk us through your typical collaborative process with an artist like Biobak, especially when it involves such extensive level overhauls? How do you balance their artistic input with your overall vision for the game?"},{"context":"You mentioned the upcoming demo for 'Course 1' is primarily to gather 'Feedback on the physics and the camera' and 'help us make the game more fun.'","question":"You're planning a demo for Course 1 specifically to get feedback on physics and camera. What specific elements of 'game feel' are you hoping to refine through player data, and how do you approach sifting through community feedback while staying true to your core design principles for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"You expressed strong satisfaction with Mario's current movement, saying, 'Dude, the movement in this game feels so good to me now. It's so fun to just move around.'","question":"You’ve put a lot of emphasis on Mario's movement and the overall 'game feel.' What has been the most challenging aspect of refining Mario's physics and controls to reach this point of satisfaction, and what defines that 'good feel' for you in a Mario game?"},{"context":"You stated, 'I Genuinely believe me making every single decision ever is better than democracy for everyone involved, especially me.'","question":"You have a very clear and assertive approach to decision-making. How does this philosophy of 'benevolent dictatorship,' so to speak, shape the development of 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' particularly in a collaborative project? How do you ensure this approach still fosters creativity and contribution from your team?"},{"context":"The stream showed you troubleshooting Blender issues and discussing the technical challenges of implementing detailed environments like 'Oily Boily Bay' on N64 hardware.","question":"Viewers saw you tackling tooling issues live. Beyond those, 'Return to Yoshi's Island' pushes the N64's visual boundaries. Could you discuss some of the key technical hurdles you've faced in realizing your artistic ambitions for the game on a relatively limited platform, and any innovative solutions you've developed?"},{"context":"You briefly mentioned a future aspiration: 'one day after rty [Return to Yoshi's Island] we will absolutely just turn this into like a proper game company and we will make so much money.'","question":"Looking beyond 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' you’ve hinted at ambitions for forming a game company. How does working on a passion project of this scale, with its unique challenges and community engagement, inform your vision for what that future might look like?"},{"context":"You expressed a distinct view on color theory, saying 'I hate it. It was just like random stuff someone made up,' and later elaborated on using tools to evoke emotion: 'The point of what you're making is not to just Pick random colors the point of what you're making is do you think of an emotion and then you think about how you can use The tools in your arsenal to evoke this emotion.'","question":"You shared a strong opinion on color theory, emphasizing the goal of evoking emotion through your artistic choices. Can you elaborate on your personal philosophy for art direction and level design in 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' and how you guide your collaborators to achieve a specific emotional impact or 'vibe'?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"The stream detailed your extensive rework of 'Oily Boily Bay,' including significant changes to lighting, geometry, and assets, transforming its look and feel. Kaze referred to your work on 'Oily Boily Bay' (Course 11).","question":"Biobak, viewers saw Kaze meticulously review your substantial overhaul of 'Oily Boily Bay.' Could you describe your creative process for reimagining a level like this, from initial concepts to the detailed execution of elements like the 'sexy brutalist architecture' for Bowser Tower and the new factory sections?"},{"context":"Kaze went through your changelog line by line for 'Oily Boily Bay,' discussing and implementing your suggestions. This implies a close, iterative working relationship.","question":"The stream showcased a very detailed and iterative collaboration between you and Kaze on 'Oily Boily Bay.' How does this close feedback loop work from your perspective? How do you and Kaze navigate creative discussions or potential differences to arrive at the final design for a level?"},{"context":"Your work involved not just artistic changes but also technical considerations, like optimizing polycounts which resulted in '1,700 fewer tries' for Oily Boily Bay, according to Kaze's review of your work.","question":"Your work on 'Oily Boily Bay' clearly balances artistic vision with the N64's technical constraints, as seen with polycount optimization. What are some of the biggest challenges and perhaps rewarding aspects of creating detailed and atmospheric environments for a platform like the N64 within a ROM hacking context?"}],"badub":[{"context":"While your specific contributions weren't detailed in this particular stream, Kaze mentioned possibly using 'noobs bonus tracks' for levels without unique music. This highlights the importance of music in setting the game's atmosphere.","question":"Badub, music is crucial for establishing the atmosphere of a game like 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' Could you talk about your general approach to composing for this project? How do you work to capture the essence of the Yoshi's Island theme while bringing a fresh sound to the Mario 64 engine?"},{"context":"Developing music for a fan-made project built on an existing game has its unique aspects, working within the tools and spirit of the original but creating something new.","question":"What are some of the unique challenges or creative opportunities you find in composing music for a ROM hack like 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' especially when aiming to complement the visual and gameplay experiences being crafted by Kaze and the team?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"This particular stream didn't detail your animation work, but Kaze mentioned he was working on making Mario's open hand model usable in his own animations ('I'm making it so in the open hand model for Mario is used in my animations'), indicating animation is an active area of development.","question":"Zeina, animations are key to bringing characters like Mario to life and conveying the 'game feel' Kaze emphasizes. From your perspective as an animator on 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' what's your process for creating or adapting animations that fit the unique style and mechanics of this game, while working within the Mario 64 framework?"},{"context":"Kaze is aiming for a very specific feel with Mario's movement and interactions, stating 'Dude, the movement in this game feels so good to me now.' Animation plays a huge role in realizing that vision.","question":"How closely do you collaborate with Kaze on defining Mario's animated actions and expressions? Can you share any insights into the process of ensuring the animations enhance the player's connection to Mario and the game world Kaze is building?"}]}