{"kaze":[{"context":"Kaze stated the game is nearing completion ('just two levels missing') and expressed immense pride in his work, particularly certain levels like 'oilyboilybay'.","question":"Kaze, you're in the home stretch with 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' with just a couple of levels left. You've expressed particular pride in levels like 'oilyboilybay.' As you approach the finish line, what are the dominant emotions you're feeling about the project, and what does it mean to you to see this ambitious vision so close to reality?"},{"context":"Kaze shared a strong artistic philosophy: 'think about what feeling do I want to create... You don't want to operate on principles, you make art for critics.' This is a core tenet of his development.","question":"You have a powerful philosophy about creating art for experience, focusing on the 'feeling' you want to evoke rather than adhering to 'principles.' Could you walk us through a specific design choice in 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' perhaps in Course 13 or another level, where this philosophy directly guided you away from a conventional approach to achieve a particular emotional impact for the player?"},{"context":"Kaze highlighted significant technical achievements, such as 'infinite drawing distance even on 64' and implementing anti-aliasing, proudly stating, 'This is what the N64 games could have looked like. You were robbed.'","question":"You've achieved some remarkable technical feats with 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' like infinite draw distance and anti-aliasing on original N64 hardware, proclaiming 'This is what N64 games could have looked like.' Can you describe the moment you overcame a particularly challenging technical hurdle that made you feel you were truly pushing the N64 beyond its perceived limits?"},{"context":"The stream showed Kaze meticulously refining gameplay, such as adjusting snowman obstacles in Course 13 and addressing camera issues by resizing level geometry.","question":"In the stream, we saw you meticulously refining platforming in Course 13, adjusting obstacles and jumps, and even resizing level elements to fix camera issues. Can you talk about your iterative design process? How do you balance your initial creative vision for a level with the practical realities of gameplay feel and technical constraints on the N64?"},{"context":"Kaze emphasized the creative freedom in ROM hacking ('RomEx don't have to sell well') and his assertive stance against self-censorship regarding C&D concerns.","question":"You've highlighted the creative freedom ROM hacking affords, as projects 'don't have to sell well,' and you're quite outspoken about not self-censoring. How has this freedom specifically allowed 'Return to Yoshi's Island' to become something different, perhaps more personal or experimental, than a commercial release might have been?"},{"context":"Kaze mentioned frequently testing on actual N64 hardware to identify and resolve hardware-specific issues, such as a pipe that 'never worked on N64' until he fixed it.","question":"You place a strong emphasis on testing 'Return to Yoshi's Island' on actual N64 hardware. What are some of the unique challenges or surprising discoveries you've encountered when moving from emulation to the original console, and how has this rigorous testing shaped the final game?"},{"context":"Kaze discussed plans to create a 'souvenir' box and booklet for the game, without Nintendo references, as a physical keepsake for fans.","question":"Regarding the release, you've mentioned creating a physical 'souvenir' box and booklet, distinct from selling cartridges. What's the motivation behind offering this physical artifact, and what do you hope fans will take away from having this tangible piece of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze explicitly credited Biobak in the stream for both the idea and the 3D model for the Fuzzies wearing protective gear in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'.","question":"Biobak, Kaze mentioned on stream that the Fuzzies in protective gear were your idea and model. Could you tell us about the inspiration behind that specific design and how your collaborative process with Kaze typically works when bringing these creative concepts to life in the game?"},{"context":"Kaze acknowledged Biobak's distinct artistic contributions, even suggesting viewers might prefer Biobak's parts of levels. This highlights a collaborative yet potentially distinct artistic input.","question":"Kaze has highlighted your significant artistic contributions to 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' noting your distinct style. How would you describe your artistic approach within this project, and how do you and Kaze work together to ensure your individual visual ideas merge into a cohesive experience that still pushes the N64's aesthetic?"},{"context":"The stream showed Kaze deep in the development of 'course 13,' an icy level, focusing on platforming mechanics before finalizing aesthetics. This provides an opportunity to discuss the visual design challenges for such environments.","question":"We saw Kaze working on the new icy level, Course 13. From your perspective as a graphics artist, what are some of the unique visual challenges or opportunities presented by creating assets for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' especially for diverse themes like ice or lava, while aiming for a unique look on N64 hardware?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze's game design philosophy emphasizes creating a specific 'feeling' for the player. Music is a critical component in establishing mood and emotion in games.","question":"Badub, Kaze often speaks about designing experiences to evoke specific 'feelings' in the player. As the composer for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' how do you translate Kaze's vision for a level's atmosphere or a particular gameplay moment into your musical compositions for the N64?"},{"context":"'Return to Yoshi's Island' is a ROM hack that aims to push the technical boundaries of the N64. Composing for such a project likely has unique constraints and creative avenues.","question":"Composing music for an N64 ROM hack like 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' which pushes technical boundaries, must present unique challenges and opportunities. Can you share some insights into your process of creating a soundtrack that feels both nostalgic and new, while working within the N64's audio constraints and potentially custom tools?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Zeina is Kaze's partner and was mentioned personally in the stream. The stream also showcased Kaze's deep dedication to the project. Zeina is known for animations on the project.","question":"Zeina, in the stream, we get glimpses of Kaze's intense dedication and passion for 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' As his partner and a key collaborator on animations, what has it been like to witness this project evolve from the inside, and how does his artistic drive influence your own creative contributions?"},{"context":"While not detailed in this specific stream, Zeina's role as an animator is crucial for the game's characters and overall life, especially on a project pushing N64 capabilities.","question":"Your animations are crucial for bringing the characters and world of 'Return to Yoshi's Island' to life. What have been some of the most exciting or challenging aspects of creating animations that fit the game's unique style and aim to enhance the expressiveness seen on the N64 platform?"}]}