{"kaze":[{"context":"The stream highlighted a significant decision to scrap and remake the 'Boring Red Coin Mission' based on playtester feedback, emphasizing your commitment to 'fun.'","question":"You mentioned completely overhauling the 'Boring Red Coin Mission' because playtesters found it 'cute, but... not very fun.' Can you walk us through your internal process when you receive critical feedback? How do you balance your original vision with player experience to make the game more 'fun'?"},{"context":"You described plans for 'Quest 13' as an ice castle with a unique 'gloomy but bright' and 'suspenseful' atmosphere.","question":"For 'Quest 13,' you're aiming for a 'gloomy but bright' ice castle. Could you elaborate on what inspires this specific aesthetic and the emotional journey you want players to experience? How do you translate such a distinct feeling into tangible level design and visuals?"},{"context":"You detailed a complex engine-level crash involving an 'S8 register overwrite' and mentioned using a 'fucked up optimization' involving the FP register.","question":"You're clearly comfortable diving deep into the SM64 engine, tackling complex bugs like the S8 register issue and implementing what you called 'fucked up optimizations.' What drives you to push the engine to its limits, and how do these technical explorations unlock the creative possibilities you envision for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"You stated, 'I don't know if RTYL will be beatable. I'm not really considering that,' which offers an interesting perspective on game design.","question":"You’ve said that whether 'Return to Yoshi's Island' is universally beatable isn't a primary concern. Could you expand on this philosophy? How does this influence your design choices, especially when you're also heavily focused on making the game 'fun'?"},{"context":"The stream mentioned your reliance on collaborators like Zeina and Biobak for textures and art assets, showcasing a team effort.","question":"You work closely with collaborators like Zeina and Biobak for textures and art. How do you communicate your vision for the game's visual style to them, and what's the collaborative process like to ensure their contributions integrate seamlessly into the unique feel of RTYI?"},{"context":"You've announced plans to make the modified game engine for RTYI open source, a significant decision for the modding community.","question":"You plan to release the RTYI engine as open source. What are your hopes for the impact this will have on the Mario 64 modding community, and what was your primary motivation behind this decision to share such a significant piece of your work?"},{"context":"You mentioned the game has been at '80% completion' for a while due to ongoing changes and refinements to older content, indicating a meticulous development approach.","question":"You've described 'Return to Yoshi's Island' as being '80% complete' for some time due to continuous iteration and refinement. Can you talk about this prolonged refinement phase? For a project as ambitious and creatively driven as RTYI, what does 'completion' truly look like to you?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned in the stream that you contribute textures for the levels in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'.","question":"Kaze noted your role in creating textures for 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' Could you describe your process for developing textures that fit the game's evolving aesthetic, and how you collaborate with Kaze to ensure your work enhances his specific vision for each level?"},{"context":"'Return to Yoshi's Island' blends a classic Mario 64 foundation with Kaze's unique and often experimental visual style, as seen in his discussion of lighting and new level concepts.","question":"'Return to Yoshi's Island' has a distinct style that builds on SM64 but goes in new directions. When creating textures, how do you navigate blending that familiar nostalgia with the fresh, sometimes experimental, visual identity Kaze is forging for the game?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted Kaze's iterative development process, including significant changes to levels like the 'Boring Red Coin Mission' based on feedback and his own evolving ideas.","question":"Kaze's development process is very iterative, with levels sometimes undergoing major redesigns. As a texture artist, how do you adapt when the design or aesthetic requirements for a level change? Can you share an instance where your textural work evolved significantly alongside a level's transformation?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze often creates levels with very specific and sometimes contrasting atmospheres, as he described for 'Quest 13' in RTYI as being 'gloomy but bright'. This stream didn't detail your RTYI involvement, but Kaze did mention being inspired by the vibe of the 'Fungi Mines OST'.","question":"Kaze is known for crafting unique atmospheres in his levels. When composing music for his projects, how do you typically approach translating his descriptions of mood and aesthetic—like a potentially 'gloomy but bright' environment—into a musical score? What's that collaborative process like for establishing a game's sound?"},{"context":"Creating music for ROM hacks often involves working within the constraints of older game soundfonts or evoking a nostalgic feel while still being original, a hallmark of Kaze's highly customized projects.","question":"Composing for ROM hacks often means balancing nostalgia with originality. How do you approach creating music that fits the spirit of a game like Super Mario 64 yet brings a fresh, distinct sound to highly customized projects Kaze undertakes?"},{"context":"Kaze emphasized in the stream that his primary goal is to create a 'fun' and memorable experience, even if it means overhauling existing content.","question":"Kaze often emphasizes creating a 'fun' and memorable player experience. How does this core design philosophy influence your musical compositions for his games? Do you find yourself aiming to enhance specific gameplay moments or emotional beats directly through your music?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze specifically praised your sign designs for the Tumbleweed store, Koopa bank, and Milk Bar in the Wild West area during the stream.","question":"Kaze highlighted your sign designs for assets like the Tumbleweed store and Milk Bar, calling the latter 'really good.' Can you take us through your creative process for these specific pieces? How do you distill the essence of a location or theme into a compelling visual like a sign?"},{"context":"The stream indicated you contribute both general textures and bespoke art assets for 'Return to Yoshi's Island.'","question":"You create both general textures and unique art pieces like the signs Kaze mentioned. How does your approach differ when crafting a versatile texture versus a very specific, characterful asset for a level? What's the collaborative dynamic with Kaze like when trying to nail those particular details?"},{"context":"Your contributions, like the signs for the Wild West area, help establish the theme and atmosphere of diverse game environments.","question":"You've contributed to varied environments, such as the Wild West area. When Kaze presents a new theme or level concept, how do you research or find inspiration to create assets that feel authentic to that theme while also fitting into the overarching, unique world of 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"}]}