{"kaze":[{"context":"You mentioned your passion is making the game, and YouTube is a means to fund that. You also candidly shared moments of frustration, saying a task 'kind of sucks.'","question":"Kaze, you've been very open about your passion for game development driving you, rather than YouTube itself, and also about the sometimes tedious or frustrating parts of the process. Could you walk us through how you navigate those tougher moments in development, like the asset scaling issues or bug fixing, to stay focused on bringing 'Return to Yoshi's Island' to life?"},{"context":"In the stream, you were deeply involved in designing the 'Arts and Crafts' stage, iterating on falling platforms, saws, and overall flow to create a fast-paced challenge.","question":"The 'Arts and Crafts' stage with its falling platforms and activating saws seems like a very specific vision. Can you describe your creative process for a level like this? How much is meticulously planned versus discovered through iteration, and how do you balance the desire for a unique, challenging experience with the technical limitations of the Mario 64 engine?"},{"context":"You discussed introducing new mechanics like the 'long jump to front flip' and are considering unique aesthetics like a 'painted' or 'black and white' look for certain areas.","question":"You're not just recreating a Mario 64 experience, but actively innovating with new mechanics and visual styles within its framework. What drives your decisions to push these boundaries, like with the new jump or the 'painted' aesthetic, and how do you decide when a new idea truly enhances the 'Return to Yoshi's Island' experience?"},{"context":"You've expressed strong opinions on game design, such as preferring fewer explicit player options and valuing speedruns that remain recognizable. You also critiqued elements in games like *Tears of the Kingdom*.","question":"You have a clear philosophy on game design, evident in your critique of other games and your own design choices. How has developing 'Return to Yoshi's Island' allowed you to express this philosophy, particularly in how you approach difficulty, player freedom, and the overall 'feel' of the game compared to both the original SM64 and contemporary titles?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted ongoing technical challenges like 'underflow/overflow' errors and significant discrepancies between Blender and the in-game engine for scaled assets.","question":"We saw you battling some tricky technical issues, like the asset scaling problems between Blender and the engine. Could you elaborate on some of the most persistent or unexpected technical hurdles you've faced while working so deeply within the Mario 64 decompilation, and how solving them has shaped the game or your understanding of the engine?"},{"context":"You mentioned planning a 'Chorus 1 demo' which will include a hidden N64 version of Delfino Plaza.","question":"The upcoming 'Chorus 1 demo' and the inclusion of a hidden Delfino Plaza N64 version are exciting prospects. What are your goals for this demo, both in terms of player experience and the feedback you hope to gather? And what was the inspiration behind including such a significant secret like Delfino Plaza?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze often dives deep into complex technical challenges and design iterations, as seen with the 'Arts and Crafts' stage and asset pipeline issues in the recent stream. This stream didn't detail your specific current contributions to these areas.","question":"Biobak, Kaze often tackles intricate design elements and technical hurdles live on stream. From your perspective as a collaborator on 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' how do you typically contribute to or support the project when Kaze is deep in these iterative cycles or troubleshooting complex issues like the ones seen with the current falling platform stage?"},{"context":"'Return to Yoshi's Island' is a highly ambitious ROM hack pushing the boundaries of Mario 64. Kaze expressed a clear vision but also the frustrations that come with development. Your current specific involvement was not detailed in this stream.","question":"Working on a project as ambitious as 'Return to Yoshi's Island' alongside Kaze must present unique collaborative dynamics. Could you share what it's like to contribute to Kaze's vision for this game, especially when dealing with the inherent limitations and quirks of the N64 engine and the creative pressures of such a project?"}],"badub":[{"context":"Kaze's streams show a development process filled with both creative breakthroughs, like the new jump mechanic, and technical problem-solving, such as fixing overflow errors. This stream didn't detail your specific current contributions.","question":"Badub, in a project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' which involves both innovative design and overcoming significant technical challenges, what has been your general role in helping Kaze realize the game's vision, and what aspect of your collaboration on this project do you find most rewarding or challenging?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted Kaze's iterative approach to level design, like meticulously placing platforms and saws in the 'Arts and Crafts' stage, and his distinct game design philosophy. Specifics of your collaboration on this stage weren't detailed.","question":"Kaze has a very hands-on, iterative approach to design, as seen with the 'Arts and Crafts' level. How does your collaboration typically work on 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? Do you often brainstorm ideas together, or do you tend to focus on specific components or areas that Kaze then integrates into the broader design?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze is currently developing the 'Arts and Crafts' stage, focusing on dynamic elements like falling platforms and activating saws, which implies a need for clear visual cues and character responsiveness. While this stream didn't detail your specific contributions, we understand you're involved with animations.","question":"Zeina, Kaze is designing levels like the 'Arts and Crafts' stage with lots of dynamic action. From an animation perspective, what are some of the unique challenges or creative opportunities in bringing Mario's movements and the game's interactive elements to life in a way that complements these fast-paced, precision-based gameplay scenarios within the Mario 64 framework?"},{"context":"Kaze mentioned experimenting with new movement mechanics, such as a 'long jump to force a front flip.' These additions often require new animations to feel right, drawing on your presumed expertise in animation.","question":"When Kaze experiments with new character mechanics like the 'long jump to front flip,' how does that impact your work on animations? Can you describe the process of creating or adapting animations to support these new gameplay ideas and ensuring they integrate smoothly into Mario's existing moveset for 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"The stream mentions you in a personal context ('Zeina takes so long out of bed'), and collaborating closely on a creative project like 'Return to Yoshi's Island' often involves a deep understanding of each other's working styles and visions. This implies a close working relationship relevant to your animation work.","question":"Zeina, being closely involved in Kaze's life and this ambitious project, how does that unique dynamic influence your collaborative process and your contributions, particularly in areas like animation, to 'Return to Yoshi's Island'? What's it like working together to shape the feel and personality of the game through its visual and interactive elements?"}]}