{"kaze":[{"context":"You shared a powerful personal philosophy, stating, 'Developing video games is suffering.' This question delves into the meaning behind that statement.","question":"You framed development as a form of chosen 'suffering' in contrast to passive entertainment. Can you elaborate on that? What specific moments of struggle on this project stand out, and what moments of creative breakthrough or player feedback make that suffering worthwhile?"},{"context":"The stream highlighted a major technical hurdle and a collaborative solution: the N64's RAM limitations, which forced asset cuts.","question":"You mentioned having to cut a 'comet and the UFO platform' to save RAM. Can you describe the team's process for making those hard decisions? How do you weigh a cool creative idea against a hard technical constraint of the original hardware?"},{"context":"The stream revealed that the Wing Cap level was completely forgotten, showcasing the chaotic nature of managing a massive project.","question":"The moment you realized the Wing Cap level was forgotten was a very real example of development chaos. How do you as a project lead handle those 'oh no' moments, and how does the game's overall design evolve and adapt when faced with these unexpected challenges?"},{"context":"You credited Soren with developing the 'F3DX3' microcode, a significant technical innovation for the project.","question":"You spoke about the F3DX3 microcode increasing graphical precision eightfold with no performance cost. Could you discuss your collaboration with Soren on this? How did the need for this custom tool arise, and what new design possibilities did it unlock that are fundamental to making this game feel unique?"},{"context":"You expressed a sense of burnout with the core engine, stating you 'cannot play Mario 64 hacks anymore' because of the 'vanilla stuff'.","question":"You've expressed frustration with the limitations of the base Mario 64 engine. How do you maintain motivation to complete a project of this scale when you're feeling burned out by its very foundation, and how does that feeling drive you to innovate on the formula?"},{"context":"You are focusing heavily on the game's overworld and detailed audio design to create an immersive experience.","question":"You're building an overworld four times the size of the original game's. What is your design philosophy for making such a massive space feel engaging and alive rather than empty, and how does your focus on detailed ambient audio contribute to that goal?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze specifically mentioned you in the context of artistic work on a pirate ship, providing a concrete example of your contributions.","question":"Kaze mentioned you were tasked with making a pirate ship sail look 'a lot more pirate-y.' Could you walk us through your artistic process for a task like that, from interpreting the request to creating an asset that fits the game's style while respecting the N64's limitations?"},{"context":"The team is using a new custom microcode, F3DX3, that dramatically improves graphical precision. This question explores how technical advancements impact the artistic process.","question":"As a graphics artist, how does a major technical breakthrough like Soren's F3DX3 microcode change what's possible for you? Does having eight times the graphical precision unlock new creative avenues that were previously unthinkable on the N64?"}],"badub":[{"context":"The stream transcript did not contain specific information about your contributions. This question is designed to give you a platform to explain your role on the team.","question":"While you weren't mentioned in this specific stream, you're a key collaborator. Could you walk us through your role on 'Return to Yoshi's Island' and describe a contribution you've made that you are particularly proud of?"},{"context":"Kaze often discusses the immense scale of the project and the challenges that come with it. This question explores your perspective on the collaborative experience.","question":"Kaze describes this game as 'gigantic' and has talked about the struggles of development. From your point of view, what has been the most rewarding aspect of collaborating on a fan project of this unprecedented size and ambition?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"You were mentioned as Kaze's wife, 'Zena.' This question seeks your perspective on Kaze's intense and philosophical approach to his work.","question":"Kaze describes game development as a meaningful form of 'suffering.' As his partner and someone who sees the process up close, what is your perspective on the personal toll and triumph involved in a passion project that has spanned years?"},{"context":"Kaze's streams show a process filled with technical problem-solving, creative breakthroughs, and moments of high stress.","question":"Living alongside the creation of 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' you have a unique vantage point. How do you see your role in supporting this massive creative undertaking, and what is it like witnessing the day-to-day rollercoaster of its development?"}]}