{"kaze":[{"context":"Kaze described the overworld as foundational ('The island is now complete. 360 degrees.') and complex ('This overworld is going to bring everything together. So this is going to be a very difficult overworld to make'). This question aims to explore the journey of its creation.","question":"Kaze, you've highlighted the immense effort in creating the 360-degree overworld for 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' calling it a 'very difficult overworld to make' because it 'brings everything together.' Can you walk us through the evolution of this overworld, from its initial concept to the now 'complete' structure? What were some of the key design challenges or 'aha!' moments in making it both vast and intuitively explorable?"},{"context":"Kaze gave a detailed example of the 'Rain Flower' star, emphasizing his philosophy: 'I want every star in the overworld to kind of transform the overworld in a way.' This question probes deeper into this design principle.","question":"The 'Rain Flower' star, where helping Yoshis changes the weather and reveals a star, is a fascinating example of your design goal for overworld secrets. Could you elaborate on this philosophy of making secrets 'transformative'? How does this approach differ from more traditional collectible design, and what kind of player experience are you aiming to create with it?"},{"context":"Kaze offered personal insights like 'Fun is not really something I think about when I make stuff' and 'Contrary to popular belief, I am not educated on programming. I am just a crazy man with a hacks editor.' This question seeks to understand his core motivations.","question":"You've candidly shared that immediate 'fun' isn't your main driver and that you see yourself more as an intuitive creator with tools than a formally trained programmer. What is it about the process of creation, problem-solving, and bringing these ambitious ROM hacks to life that fuels your dedication and prolific output?"},{"context":"Kaze has strong opinions on PC ports, championing 'static recompilation' like Wiseguy's and mentioning the possibility of porting his mod. This question explores his vision for his mods on PC.","question":"You're a vocal proponent of 'static recompilation' for N64 games on PC, even mentioning Wiseguy might port 'Return to Yoshi's Island.' What specific advantages do you believe this method offers for your mods and the players? How does this align with your vision for the future accessibility and longevity of your projects?"},{"context":"Kaze noted the challenge of scope: 'Now, there's actually a lot of ideas we have for this overworld, and it's actually so many that we cannot possibly fit all of them in.' This question addresses the decision-making process.","question":"For a project as ambitious as 'Return to Yoshi's Island,' you mentioned having more ideas for the overworld than can possibly be implemented. Can you describe your process for managing scope and deciding which creative elements make it into the game versus those that, unfortunately, have to be left on the cutting room floor?"},{"context":"Kaze reflected on his public image changing from 'a dude making Mario hacks' to 'the optimization guy,' while still identifying with the former. This explores the impact of community perception.","question":"You've acknowledged a shift in how the community perceives you, from a mod creator to an 'optimization guy,' yet you maintain you're 'still just a dude making Mario hacks.' How does this evolving public perception, and your own grounding in your original identity, influence your approach to projects like 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"Kaze mentioned relying on sponsorships (e.g., Squarespace) and his aspiration to 'make commercial video games at some point.' This question links current work to future goals.","question":"You're navigating the realities of funding your work through sponsorships while also expressing a clear ambition for future commercial game development. How do you see the skills, experiences, and community built around 'Return to Yoshi's Island' and your other mods contributing to that long-term goal of creating original commercial titles?"}],"biobak":[],"badub":[],"zeina":[]}