{"kaze":[{"context":"You stated a desire to potentially replace the Mario IP and release this on Steam, citing the decompilation project as the legal basis. This is a monumental shift from a fan project to a commercial product.","question":"You mentioned the possibility of a commercial release. Can you walk us through your thought process on this journey from a fan game to a potential standalone IP, and what you see as the biggest legal and creative hurdles in 'filing off the serial numbers'?"},{"context":"In the stream, you struggled to articulate a world's color palette, using terms like 'caramel chocolate pudding' and 'cotton candy'. This suggests a highly intuitive, feeling-based creative process.","question":"You often design by 'vibe.' How do you translate those abstract feelings into concrete level geometry, textures, and effects? Can you give an example of how a 'vibe' evolved into a finished piece of the game?"},{"context":"You were highly self-critical of your work on the overworld forest, calling it 'really, really bad'. This reveals a commitment to iteration until you're satisfied.","question":"You're very open about reworking elements you're unhappy with. How do you decide when a part of the game is 'good enough' versus when it needs to be completely redone, and how does that internal criticism drive the project forward?"},{"context":"The project is built on the Mario 64 decompilation, which you credit for 'enabling all of this.' This seems to be more than just a technical tool for you.","question":"Beyond the technical freedom, how has the decompilation project fundamentally changed your ambition as a creator? Has it opened doors you previously thought were permanently closed for N64-style development?"},{"context":"You ended the stream early, mentioning you felt 'super dizzy' and 'exhausted,' highlighting the personal cost of this massive undertaking.","question":"You've poured years into this project. Can you talk about the personal and physical toll it takes to manage such a large-scale creative endeavor, and how you balance your passion for the work with your own well-being?"},{"context":"You made a powerful statement: 'If you made the banger, and then you're like, yeah, this is how I made a banger, that feels good.' This reflects your core design philosophy.","question":"You believe creators should earn the right to talk about their design by first 'making a banger.' As you near completion on this game, do you feel you've made a banger, and what does that validation mean to you personally?"},{"context":"During the stream, you tasked a community member, Lara, with creating new art assets live on the spot, providing technical specs and creative direction.","question":"Your team is a mix of core contributors and community volunteers. How do you manage this decentralized talent pool to ensure everyone's work fits into a single, cohesive artistic vision for the game?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"During the stream, Kaze mentioned that some areas, like the craft world, were waiting on your assets to be completed. This highlights your critical role in the project's progress.","question":"Kaze noted that progress in certain worlds is dependent on your artwork. Can you talk about the pressure and responsibility of being a key dependency in the development pipeline and how you coordinate with Kaze to deliver what's needed?"},{"context":"Kaze often describes his design goals with abstract, feeling-based language like wanting a world to feel like 'caramel chocolate pudding' or 'sweet like cotton candy'.","question":"How do you approach the challenge of translating Kaze's abstract, 'vibe-based' design concepts into concrete graphical assets that also respect the N64's technical limitations?"}],"badub":[{"context":"While this stream didn't detail your specific contributions, it painted a picture of a close-knit, decentralized team. This question aims to establish your role within that structure.","question":"Could you describe your primary contributions to 'Return to Yoshi's Island' and how you first became involved in working with Kaze on this ambitious project?"},{"context":"The stream showed Kaze directing collaborators live, based on immediate needs. This question explores your experience within that dynamic workflow.","question":"What has your experience been collaborating within Kaze's development ecosystem? How do you balance planned tasks with the more spontaneous, 'live-on-stream' style of direction?"}],"zeina":[{"context":"Kaze briefly mentioned you during the stream, suggesting you were physically present and are a close observer of the development process.","question":"Being so close to the project, what is your perspective on Kaze's creative process? What is something you've observed about how he works or overcomes challenges that his audience might not get to see?"},{"context":"The stream captured a moment where Kaze was clearly feeling the physical and mental strain of the project. Your presence implies a supportive role.","question":"In the stream, Kaze mentioned feeling dizzy and exhausted. From your perspective, what are the biggest personal challenges you've seen him face during this multi-year project, and could you describe your role in supporting him and the game's development?"}]}