{"kaze":[{"context":"You had a moment of spontaneous creativity on stream where you designed a whole new intro, transitioning from 3D to a 2D storybook. You even delegated a key technical part of it on the spot.","question":"Can you walk me through that creative moment? How do ideas like the storybook intro emerge, and how do you balance that spontaneous design with the structured plan for the project?"},{"context":"You discovered a game-breaking bug with the dialogue system that you said was 'annoying' and too significant to fix on stream, halting your work on a new NPC.","question":"Take us into that moment of discovery. What is the emotional and technical process you go through when a major refactor leads to a critical setback that derails your immediate plans?"},{"context":"You stated very clearly, 'it's important to me that some things just cost money,' when implementing an NPC that requires 200 coins to access a cannon.","question":"Could you expand on that design philosophy? Why is having a coin-based economy and gating progression behind costs a core part of the player experience you want to create in 'Return to Yoshi's Island'?"},{"context":"When asked about motivation, you said, 'If you need motivation, you're already fucked up... Just work.' That's a very disciplined mindset.","question":"How does this 'just work' philosophy sustain you through a massive, multi-year fan project? How do you reconcile that disciplined approach with the moments of passion and excitement we see when you create something like the new 'pixie dust' effect?"},{"context":"You mentioned that the game will be open source once it's finished, and you've even considered the possibility of one day paying artists to create original, copyright-free assets.","question":"What is your long-term vision for 'Return to Yoshi's Island' and its engine? What do you hope its legacy will be in the ROM hacking and indie development communities?"},{"context":"We saw you confidently delegate a complex task to your collaborator, Badub, live on stream.","question":"As a project lead for a distributed team of volunteers, how do you manage collaboration? How do you identify the unique strengths of contributors like Biobak and Badub and foster an environment where they can make significant creative and technical contributions?"}],"biobak":[{"context":"Kaze mentioned that your storyboard was the initial inspiration for what became a major live brainstorming session for the game's new intro cutscene.","question":"Can you describe the original concept you presented in your storyboard? What was the collaborative process like in getting that initial idea to Kaze?"},{"context":"On stream, Kaze took the core idea from your storyboard and publicly evolved it into a new concept involving a 3D-to-2D transition. As the original contributor, what was it like to watch your idea be transformed and expanded upon in real-time like that?","question":"What are your thoughts on that collaborative evolution, and how does it feel to see your initial spark of an idea become a cornerstone of the game's new introduction?"}],"badub":[{"context":"During the stream, Kaze brainstormed a complex new intro cutscene involving a transition from a 3D world to a 2D storybook style. When considering the technical feasibility, he confidently said, 'Oh yeah, I'm sure Badub can pull that up.'","question":"What is your reaction when you hear the project lead, Kaze, express that level of confidence in your abilities live on stream? How do you approach turning a spontaneous, creative idea like the 'storybook intro' into a technical reality?"},{"context":"The 'storybook' intro idea is a significant creative and technical undertaking. It involves blending 2D and 3D assets, managing alpha overlays, and ensuring it all runs smoothly within the N64's memory constraints.","question":"When you're tasked with a feature like the storybook intro, what does your initial planning process look like? Can you walk us through the first few steps you would take to prototype that concept and identify potential challenges?"}],"zeina":[]}